throughout history mankind
has lived ambiguity between the lie and
the truth of it are part of
countless myths that revolve around
many fields of our life including the
of the food the chicken has been
victim of myths discrediting and
wrong information that the chicken is
injected with false hormones that the
hormones accelerate their false growth
that precocious puberty of children
should the consumption of fake chicken is clear
that ignorance added to the lack of
information manage to distort the
true for many years we have heard
absurd rumors product of the lack of
information and from a voice to a negative voice
that has transcended generations
actually the chicken is one of the
most desired foods in all the
world with a high nutritional value with
a significant content of vitamins and
minerals an achievable price and a
great culinary versatility for the
huge variety of preparations that
allow this if it is true
scientists and international experts
warn that the use of hormones in
poultry industry is just a myth because
that such hormones do not even
exist in the market the chicken is a
animal that he has throughout his
breeding an extraordinary ability to
growth due to which
sacrifices being very young this makes
impossible for hormones to be
assimilated by the birds in a period of
life so short in the 50s a
chicken was fed for 100 days
to reach a weight of 2.1 kilograms
at the end of the 60's the time was reduced
to 67 days and is currently ready
to go to market between 42 and
45 days this is possible only thanks to the
breakthrough in crossing races like that
like the right nutrition and the right
management that birds receive
as from the poultry farms daily
go to market the thousands of chickens
injecting the hormones would require
complex processes and many people
to do so the operating costs
would rise to the point where the price
final would be unpayable for most
consumers what is true is
that this myth has generated a great
negative impact on the population because
inhibits its consumption by depriving it of a
valuable protein such as chicken
the myth of hormones causes harm
economic to the poultry industry
organized that generates more than 500 thousand
Direct and indirect jobs in
Colombia'
this false belief goes against the
I work with technological advances and
commitment that the poultry sector has
with the development of the country and with offering
a high quality product to the
Colombians
definitely the use of hormones
in the chicken industry is a lie
absurd that we must all fight for
more information visit www point to eat
dotted chicken